AI policy and acknowledgement (#7089)
geodynamics/aspect: CONTRIBUTING.md

  [AUTHORS.md](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/blob/main/AUTHORS.md)
  file in the main repository.

## Policy on usage of AI

> AI assisted contributions are welcome. If AI generated a substantial portion of your contribution (e.g. more than 20% of the source code, or algorithms that are crucial for the functionality), describe which part of the contribution was generated by AI in your pull request summary. Before submitting, review and verify all AI-generated content. By submitting a contribution, you confirm that you understand and accept responsibility for the suggested changes. Our review process is a conversation between human developers and human reviewers with the purpose of forming and educating a community of researchers. You may use AI to improve your language in this conversation, but the response to a review comment is fundamentally a human responsibility and we reserve the right to not review contributions without a human “in the loop”. In return, while we may use AI tools to help with the review process, we will always use our human time and intellectual effort to understand and review your contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI assisted contributions are welcome. If AI generated a substantial portion of your contribution (e.g. more than just a small fraction of the source code, or algorithms that are crucial for the functionality), describe which parts of the contribution were generated by AI in your pull request summary. Before submitting, review and verify all AI-generated content. By submitting a contribution, you confirm that you understand and accept responsibility for the suggested changes. Our review process is a conversation between human developers and human reviewers with the purpose of forming and educating a community of researchers. You may use AI to improve your language in this conversation, but the response to a review comment is fundamentally a human responsibility and we reserve the right to not review contributions without a human “in the loop”. In return, while we may use AI tools to help with the review process, we will always use our human time and intellectual effort to understand and review your contribution.
```

Reviewer 2: I added some thoughts in the log (sorry for getting to this late).

  [AUTHORS.md](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/blob/main/AUTHORS.md)
  file in the main repository.

## Policy on usage of AI

ASPECT is a software project that aims to form and educate a community
of human researchers and further the field of geodynamic
research. Based on this purpose we formulate the following policy on
AI contributions:

AI assisted contributions to ASPECT are welcome. If AI generated a
substantial portion of your contribution (e.g. more than a small
fraction of the source code, or algorithms that are crucial for the
functionality), describe which parts of the contribution were
generated by AI in your pull request summary. Before submitting,
review and verify all AI-generated content. By submitting a
contribution, you confirm that you understand and accept
responsibility for the suggested changes.

Our review process is a conversation between human developers and
human reviewers with the purpose of forming and educating a community

> of researchers. You may use AI to improve your language in this

Reviewer: This sentence duplicates the first one above. Let's keep the new part:

```suggestion
Our review process is a conversation between human developers and
human reviewers. You may use AI to improve your language in this
```

Author: Agreed.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps "We expect our review process to be a conversation between humans. You may use AI to improve your language, but all posts must reflect your own ideas and questions, not those generated by a machine. In return, while we may use AI tools to help with the review process, we will always use our own expertise to understand and review your contribution."
